When you come to a Kamiketa tasting, the first thing you're going to notice is a beautifully set
dining area. Kamiketa wants you to envision what your wedding day or big celebration is going to
look like, so they take the extra step to make things look beautiful, even at the tasting. After
checking in, you're going to receive a checklist of all of the different foods that are going to be
served, so you can highlight the exact ones you want to see. First, you'll be invited to a cheese
board with meats and fruits. The next thing you're going to experience are all the incredible
appetizers brought to your table. This includes Brazilian coxinha, pão de quiche, empanadas,
chickpea salad, so, so many different options. Once you've been able to experiment each of the
different appetizers, then you're gonna head over to the salad bar buffet. Once you grab your salad
bar plate, you're gonna head back to your table and prepare yourself for my favorite part of the
tasting. Not only are all the hot sides gonna be brought to your table, but you're also going to
experience the traditional Brazilian rodízio. This is when Brazilian gauchos come to your table and
carve meat table side. Not only is this so much fun, but talk about a memorable part of your big
day. Something else I love about the tasting is while we're getting served the Brazilian meats,
there's a presentation that's put on to show you exactly why Kamiketo catering is different than
the rest. This ensures you know exactly what you're getting out of your experience and answers a
lot of the questions that you might have. And guess what? That's not even the end. Don't forget
about Brazilian desserts. We've got flan, passion fruit mousse, grilled pineapple topped with
cinnamon sugar. Oh my goodness, it's incredible. And once you're done with the experience, take a
few days to think about it with whoever else is planning the event with you. You'll be connected to
one of their catering consultants so that they can create the perfect menu for your special day.
And assure you Kamiketo is the right answer for your next event. Come to a tasting and find out for
yourself.
Welcome! My name is Rodrigo Souza, chef and owner of Comic Keto Catering. I'd like to thank you for
contacting us. My understanding is that you're talking to one of our catering consultants and
potentially you're going to book your event with us. There's a couple ways we can go about doing
that. We have an amazing tasting that we do just to specialize for you.
You can also do a consultation call where we can put a menu together over the phone with you as
well.
Planning an event in 2025 is not easy, but we found a way to make it that much easier.
Comicado Catering is the go-to caterer for any and all special events this year. Having catered
over 500 different events, their experience, care for detail, and care for you exceeds anyone else
I've ever worked with. To learn more, join us at one of our tastings. And who knows, maybe we'll
get to be a part of your special day this year.
Hello everyone, my name is Rodrigo Souza, chef and owner of Kamikido Catering. We're here today to
give you a 360, what a tasting looks like, and what you're about to experience and expect.
As you arrive to our facility, we have this nice setup made because we want you to envision your
big day. like some caterers that sell you a menu here you actually get to taste to smell to feel to
grab also we get to meet the staff that's going to be at your wedding and who knows you might get
me in your wedding as well we're able to customize menus according to your needs according to your
preference your budget a little bit cheesy but we are 100 on your side because we know how much
money involves to do an event like this a wedding or a big celebration and we want to make sure
that you get something that works for you. Now, the really good thing about coming to a tasting is
because usually when you do these big tastings, we like to call it, we bring some other
professionals, we bring some photographers, we bring a wedding planner, we bring a decorator,
we bring DJs and things like that. When you're done with our tasting, take a day or two.
One of our catering consultants will get in touch with you to make sure we put a nice...
menu together for you with a nice package in case you came into the tasting please make sure you
let us know some of you guys have a special uh request for menus and diet restriction all that so
it's very important that you let us know i understand some of you guys are driving from far away
but i strongly recommend you guys to make the time and come that's gonna really dictate how
comfortable you feel with the people that are going to serve your loved ones the day of your
wedding, the day of your big festivity.

